My name, is OhhBirb, I used to be a member of the MagicGum Discord Server. This is my confession. If you're reading this message, I'm probably banned,
 evicted by my former partners, the MagicGum Staff Team.  The Staff have been corrupted over the last year, a fact I was well aware of prior to my 
 take of absence earlier this year. Shortly after I returned I realised the full extent of their corruption, paying members of the server, were valued
 more than longstanding members of the community. Despite this, I had fun, I was taken on a ride by members of the community, they showed me the fun I
 could have, they even showed me what it felt like to be young again. However, as the weeks dragged on, I began to sober up to what I was doing, I realised
 where I had gone wrong. I quickly realised that I had to get out of here, so in a fit of desperation, when a Knight(Patron Rank) made a rude comment towards
 me, I asked them to: "shut up". Now, this is not an admission of guilt, I did what I would have done had it been anyone else, I frequently tell my friends
 and colleagues to shut up, as it just a part of friendly and informal conversation, and should be treated as such. However, the Staff did not agree, they
 put out a hit on me, hiring a man called MEE6 to take me down, they almost succeeded, howver the bomb planted in my car did not kill me, it only hurt me greatly,
 with medical bills amounting to over $243,000. But, I survived to live another day. Upon my recovery, I plotted revenge, I placed an alt within the server, which
 was swiftly executed. I was desperate, and iddn't know where to turn, but then I realised I knew everyone I wanted to speak to from the server, and I was content.
 However, earlier this month I realised that I wanted to go home, back to the server that taught me the most about the interwebz, and for that I ask dearly, could
 you find it in your hearts to unban me, an old man approaching death, my wife and kids left me, six months ago, in fact. I do know however, that certain parties
 wish to stop my goal coming to fruition, a person known only as Luuuunaaaa. Her old identity, meme_maanbwas a friend, but then she changed, the became Luuuunaaaa,
 and vowed that I would never rejoin the community, she took Flamma's alt, frigus, and changed the password and email, she made a series of accounts known as MagicMid
 and used them to bomb my reputation within the server. I fear it worked. In summary, this is my confession, but not an admission of guilt, I simply wish to rejoin the server,
 to rejoin the family I lost, can you find it in your hearts to do so?
 - OhhBirb


 (I wrote it like thsi because I like Walter White)